Name                                                   Type        File
HIRA_EDI_Material                                      CodeSystem  codesystems/HIRA_EDI_Material.fsh
HIRA_EDI_Medication                                    CodeSystem  codesystems/HIRA_EDI_Medication.fsh
HIRA_EDI_Procedures                                    CodeSystem  codesystems/HIRA_EDI_Procedures.fsh
HIRA_Healthcare_Organization_Types                     CodeSystem  codesystems/HIRA_Healthcare_Organization_Types.fsh
HIRA_Insurance_Types                                   CodeSystem  codesystems/HIRA_Insurance_Types.fsh
HIRA_Medical_Department                                CodeSystem  codesystems/HIRA_Medical_Department.fsh
KOSTAT_KCD_8                                           CodeSystem  codesystems/KOSTAT_KCD_8.fsh
KPIS_Korea_Drug_Code                                   CodeSystem  codesystems/KPIS_Korea_Drug_Code.fsh
KRCore_AllergyIntolerance                              Profile     profiles/KRCore_AllergyIntolerance.fsh
KRCore_Condition_ChiefComplaint                        Profile     profiles/KRCore_Condition_ChiefComplaint.fsh
KRCore_Condition_EncounterDiagnosis                    Profile     profiles/KRCore_Condition_EncounterDiagnosis.fsh
KRCore_DiagnosticReport_DiagnosticImaging              Profile     profiles/KRCore_DiagnosticReport_DiagnosticImaging.fsh
KRCore_DiagnosticReport_FunctionTests                  Profile     profiles/KRCore_DiagnosticReport_FunctionTests.fsh
KRCore_DiagnosticReport_LaboratoryResults              Profile     profiles/KRCore_DiagnosticReport_LaboratoryResults.fsh
KRCore_DiagnosticReport_PathologyResults               Profile     profiles/KRCore_DiagnosticReport_PathologyResults.fsh
KRCore_Encounter                                       Profile     profiles/KRCore_Encounter.fsh
KRCore_HealthcareOrganization                          Profile     profiles/KRCore_HealthcareOrganization.fsh
KRCore_ImagingStudy                                    Profile     profiles/KRCore_ImagingStudy.fsh
KRCore_Immunization                                    Profile     profiles/KRCore_Immunization.fsh
KRCore_InsuranceTypes_Extension                        Extension   extensions/KRCore_InsuranceTypes_Extension.fsh
KRCore_Medication                                      Profile     profiles/KRCore_Medication.fsh
KRCore_MedicationRequest                               Profile     profiles/KRCore_MedicationRequest.fsh
KRCore_Observation_FunctionTest                        Profile     profiles/KRCore_Observation_FunctionTest.fsh
KRCore_Observation_LaboratoryResult                    Profile     profiles/KRCore_Observation_LaboratoryResult.fsh
KRCore_Observation_VitalSigns                          Profile     profiles/KRCore_Observation_VitalSigns.fsh
KRCore_Observation_VitalSigns_BloodPressure            Profile     profiles/KRCore_Observation_VitalSigns_BloodPressure.fsh
KRCore_Observation_VitalSigns_BodyHeight               Profile     profiles/KRCore_Observation_VitalSigns_BodyHeight.fsh
KRCore_Observation_VitalSigns_BodyTemperature          Profile     profiles/KRCore_Observation_VitalSigns_BodyTemperature.fsh
KRCore_Observation_VitalSigns_BodyWeight               Profile     profiles/KRCore_Observation_VitalSigns_BodyWeight.fsh
KRCore_Observation_VitalSigns_HeartRate                Profile     profiles/KRCore_Observation_VitalSigns_HeartRate.fsh
KRCore_Observation_VitalSigns_PulseOximetry            Profile     profiles/KRCore_Observation_VitalSigns_PulseOximetry.fsh
KRCore_Observation_VitalSigns_RespiratoryRate          Profile     profiles/KRCore_Observation_VitalSigns_RespiratoryRate.fsh
KRCore_Patient                                         Profile     profiles/KRCore_Patient.fsh
KRCore_PractitionerRole_MedicalDoctor                  Profile     profiles/KRCore_PractitionerRole_MedicalDoctor.fsh
KRCore_Practitioner_MedicalDoctor                      Profile     profiles/KRCore_Practitioner_MedicalDoctor.fsh
KRCore_Procedure                                       Profile     profiles/KRCore_Procedure.fsh
KRCore_RoadNameAddress_Extension                       Extension   extensions/KRCore_RoadNameAddress_Extension.fsh
KRCore_TestRequestDateTime_Extension                   Extension   extensions/KRCore_TestRequestDateTime_Extension.fsh
KR_Core_ATC_Codes                                      ValueSet    valuesets/KR_Core_ATC_Codes.fsh
KR_Core_Condition_Category_Codes                       ValueSet    valuesets/KR_Core_Condition_Category_Codes.fsh
KR_Core_Condition_Category_Types                       CodeSystem  codesystems/KR_Core_Condition_Category_Types.fsh
KR_Core_Doctor_Qualification_Codes                     ValueSet    valuesets/KR_Core_Doctor_Qualification_Codes.fsh
KR_Core_EDI_Material_Codes                             ValueSet    valuesets/KR_Core_EDI_Material_Codes.fsh
KR_Core_EDI_Medication_Codes                           ValueSet    valuesets/KR_Core_EDI_Medication_Codes.fsh
KR_Core_EDI_Procedure_Codes                            ValueSet    valuesets/KR_Core_EDI_Procedure_Codes.fsh
KR_Core_Insurance_Types_Codes                          ValueSet    valuesets/KR_Core_Insurance_Types_Codes.fsh
KR_Core_KCD8_Codes                                     ValueSet    valuesets/KR_Core_KCD8_Codes.fsh
KR_Core_Korea_Drug_Codes                               ValueSet    valuesets/KR_Core_Korea_Drug_Codes.fsh
KR_Core_Medical_Department_Codes                       ValueSet    valuesets/KR_Core_Medical_Department_Codes.fsh
KR_Core_Organization_Type_Codes                        ValueSet    valuesets/KR_Core_Organization_Type_Codes.fsh
KR_Core_Vaccination_Type_Codes                         ValueSet    valuesets/KR_Core_Vaccination_Type_Codes.fsh
KR_Core_Vaccination_Types                              CodeSystem  codesystems/KR_Core_Vaccination_Types.fsh
KR_Core_Vital_Signs_Codes                              ValueSet    valuesets/KR_Core_Vital_Signs_Codes.fsh
MOHW_Practitioner_Qualification_Types                  CodeSystem  codesystems/MOHW_Practitioner_Qualification_Types.fsh
krcore-allergyintolerance-example-01                   Instance    instances/krcore-allergyintolerance-example-01.fsh
krcore-alrg-01                                         Invariant   invariants/krcore-alrg-01.fsh
krcore-bodyheight-example-01                           Instance    instances/krcore-bodyheight-example-01.fsh
krcore-bodytemperature-example-01                      Instance    instances/krcore-bodytemperature-example-01.fsh
krcore-bodyweight-example-01                           Instance    instances/krcore-bodyweight-example-01.fsh
krcore-capabilitystatement-client                      Instance    instances/krcore-capabilitystatement-client.fsh
krcore-capabilitystatement-server                      Instance    instances/krcore-capabilitystatement-server.fsh
krcore-condition-chief-complaint-example-01            Instance    instances/krcore-condition-chief-complaint-example-01.fsh
krcore-condition-encounter-diagnosis-example-01        Instance    instances/krcore-condition-encounter-diagnosis-example-01.fsh
krcore-diagnosticreport-diagnostic-imaging-example-01  Instance    instances/krcore-diagnosticreport-diagnostic-imaging-example-01.fsh
krcore-diagnosticreport-function-test-example-01       Instance    instances/krcore-diagnosticreport-function-test-example-01.fsh
krcore-diagnosticreport-laboratory-results-example-01  Instance    instances/krcore-diagnosticreport-laboratory-results-example-01.fsh
krcore-diagnosticreport-pathology-results-example-01   Instance    instances/krcore-diagnosticreport-pathology-results-example-01.fsh
krcore-encounter-example-01                            Instance    instances/krcore-encounter-example-01.fsh
krcore-healthcare-organization-example-01              Instance    instances/krcore-healthcare-organization-example-01.fsh
krcore-heartrate-example-01                            Instance    instances/krcore-heartrate-example-01.fsh
krcore-imagingstudy-example-01                         Instance    instances/krcore-imagingstudy-example-01.fsh
krcore-immunization-example-01                         Instance    instances/krcore-immunization-example-01.fsh
krcore-medicaldoctor-example-01                        Instance    instances/krcore-medicaldoctor-example-01.fsh
krcore-medicaldoctorrole-example-01                    Instance    instances/krcore-medicaldoctorrole-example-01.fsh
krcore-medication-example-01                           Instance    instances/krcore-medication-example-01.fsh
krcore-medicationrequest-example-01                    Instance    instances/krcore-medicationrequest-example-01.fsh
krcore-obs-01                                          Invariant   invariants/krcore-obs-01.fsh
krcore-obs-02                                          Invariant   invariants/krcore-obs-02.fsh
krcore-observation-function-test-example-01            Instance    instances/krcore-observation-function-test-example-01.fsh
krcore-observation-laboratory-result-example-01        Instance    instances/krcore-observation-laboratory-result-example-01.fsh
krcore-observation-laboratory-result-example-02        Instance    instances/krcore-observation-laboratory-result-example-02.fsh
krcore-observation-vs-bloodpressure-example-01         Instance    instances/krcore-observation-vs-bloodpressure-example-01.fsh
krcore-patient-example-01                              Instance    instances/krcore-patient-example-01.fsh
krcore-patient-example-02                              Instance    instances/krcore-patient-example-02.fsh
krcore-procedure-example-01                            Instance    instances/krcore-procedure-example-01.fsh
krcore-pulseoximetry-example-01                        Instance    instances/krcore-pulseoximetry-example-01.fsh
krcore-respiratoryrate-example-01                      Instance    instances/krcore-respiratoryrate-example-01.fsh
krcore-sp-allergyintolerance-category                  Instance    instances/krcore-sp-allergyintolerance-category.fsh
krcore-sp-allergyintolerance-clinical-status           Instance    instances/krcore-sp-allergyintolerance-clinical-status.fsh
krcore-sp-allergyintolerance-code                      Instance    instances/krcore-sp-allergyintolerance-code.fsh
krcore-sp-allergyintolerance-manifestation             Instance    instances/krcore-sp-allergyintolerance-manifestation.fsh
krcore-sp-allergyintolerance-onset                     Instance    instances/krcore-sp-allergyintolerance-onset.fsh
krcore-sp-allergyintolerance-patient                   Instance    instances/krcore-sp-allergyintolerance-patient.fsh
krcore-sp-condition-category                           Instance    instances/krcore-sp-condition-category.fsh
krcore-sp-condition-clinical-status                    Instance    instances/krcore-sp-condition-clinical-status.fsh
krcore-sp-condition-code                               Instance    instances/krcore-sp-condition-code.fsh
krcore-sp-condition-encounter                          Instance    instances/krcore-sp-condition-encounter.fsh
krcore-sp-condition-onset-date                         Instance    instances/krcore-sp-condition-onset-date.fsh
krcore-sp-condition-patient                            Instance    instances/krcore-sp-condition-patient.fsh
krcore-sp-condition-recorded-date                      Instance    instances/krcore-sp-condition-recorded-date.fsh
krcore-sp-diagnosticreport-category                    Instance    instances/krcore-sp-diagnosticreport-category.fsh
krcore-sp-diagnosticreport-code                        Instance    instances/krcore-sp-diagnosticreport-code.fsh
krcore-sp-diagnosticreport-issued                      Instance    instances/krcore-sp-diagnosticreport-issued.fsh
krcore-sp-diagnosticreport-patient                     Instance    instances/krcore-sp-diagnosticreport-patient.fsh
krcore-sp-diagnosticreport-performer                   Instance    instances/krcore-sp-diagnosticreport-performer.fsh
krcore-sp-diagnosticreport-request-date                Instance    instances/krcore-sp-diagnosticreport-request-date.fsh
krcore-sp-diagnosticreport-result                      Instance    instances/krcore-sp-diagnosticreport-result.fsh
krcore-sp-diagnosticreport-status                      Instance    instances/krcore-sp-diagnosticreport-status.fsh
krcore-sp-diagnosticreport-study                       Instance    instances/krcore-sp-diagnosticreport-study.fsh
krcore-sp-encounter-class                              Instance    instances/krcore-sp-encounter-class.fsh
krcore-sp-encounter-date                               Instance    instances/krcore-sp-encounter-date.fsh
krcore-sp-encounter-insurance-type                     Instance    instances/krcore-sp-encounter-insurance-type.fsh
krcore-sp-encounter-participant                        Instance    instances/krcore-sp-encounter-participant.fsh
krcore-sp-encounter-patient                            Instance    instances/krcore-sp-encounter-patient.fsh
krcore-sp-encounter-service-provider                   Instance    instances/krcore-sp-encounter-service-provider.fsh
krcore-sp-encounter-status                             Instance    instances/krcore-sp-encounter-status.fsh
krcore-sp-imagingstudy-modality                        Instance    instances/krcore-sp-imagingstudy-modality.fsh
krcore-sp-imagingstudy-patient                         Instance    instances/krcore-sp-imagingstudy-patient.fsh
krcore-sp-imagingstudy-series                          Instance    instances/krcore-sp-imagingstudy-series.fsh
krcore-sp-imagingstudy-started                         Instance    instances/krcore-sp-imagingstudy-started.fsh
krcore-sp-imagingstudy-status                          Instance    instances/krcore-sp-imagingstudy-status.fsh
krcore-sp-immunization-date                            Instance    instances/krcore-sp-immunization-date.fsh
krcore-sp-immunization-dose-number                     Instance    instances/krcore-sp-immunization-dose-number.fsh
krcore-sp-immunization-patient                         Instance    instances/krcore-sp-immunization-patient.fsh
krcore-sp-immunization-status                          Instance    instances/krcore-sp-immunization-status.fsh
krcore-sp-immunization-vaccine-code                    Instance    instances/krcore-sp-immunization-vaccine-code.fsh
krcore-sp-medication-code                              Instance    instances/krcore-sp-medication-code.fsh
krcore-sp-medication-ingredient-code                   Instance    instances/krcore-sp-medication-ingredient-code.fsh
krcore-sp-medicationrequest-authoredon                 Instance    instances/krcore-sp-medicationrequest-authoredon.fsh
krcore-sp-medicationrequest-intent                     Instance    instances/krcore-sp-medicationrequest-intent.fsh
krcore-sp-medicationrequest-medication                 Instance    instances/krcore-sp-medicationrequest-medication.fsh
krcore-sp-medicationrequest-patient                    Instance    instances/krcore-sp-medicationrequest-patient.fsh
krcore-sp-medicationrequest-status                     Instance    instances/krcore-sp-medicationrequest-status.fsh
krcore-sp-observation-category                         Instance    instances/krcore-sp-observation-category.fsh
krcore-sp-observation-code                             Instance    instances/krcore-sp-observation-code.fsh
krcore-sp-observation-code-value-concept               Instance    instances/krcore-sp-observation-code-value-concept.fsh
krcore-sp-observation-code-value-date                  Instance    instances/krcore-sp-observation-code-value-date.fsh
krcore-sp-observation-code-value-quantity              Instance    instances/krcore-sp-observation-code-value-quantity.fsh
krcore-sp-observation-code-value-string                Instance    instances/krcore-sp-observation-code-value-string.fsh
krcore-sp-observation-component-code                   Instance    instances/krcore-sp-observation-component-code.fsh
krcore-sp-observation-component-code-value-concept     Instance    instances/krcore-sp-observation-component-code-value-concept.fsh
krcore-sp-observation-component-code-value-quantity    Instance    instances/krcore-sp-observation-component-code-value-quantity.fsh
krcore-sp-observation-component-data-absent-reason     Instance    instances/krcore-sp-observation-component-data-absent-reason.fsh
krcore-sp-observation-component-value-concept          Instance    instances/krcore-sp-observation-component-value-concept.fsh
krcore-sp-observation-component-value-quantity         Instance    instances/krcore-sp-observation-component-value-quantity.fsh
krcore-sp-observation-data-absent-reason               Instance    instances/krcore-sp-observation-data-absent-reason.fsh
krcore-sp-observation-date                             Instance    instances/krcore-sp-observation-date.fsh
krcore-sp-observation-issued                           Instance    instances/krcore-sp-observation-issued.fsh
krcore-sp-observation-patient                          Instance    instances/krcore-sp-observation-patient.fsh
krcore-sp-observation-performer                        Instance    instances/krcore-sp-observation-performer.fsh
krcore-sp-observation-status                           Instance    instances/krcore-sp-observation-status.fsh
krcore-sp-observation-value-concept                    Instance    instances/krcore-sp-observation-value-concept.fsh
krcore-sp-observation-value-date                       Instance    instances/krcore-sp-observation-value-date.fsh
krcore-sp-observation-value-quantity                   Instance    instances/krcore-sp-observation-value-quantity.fsh
krcore-sp-observation-value-string                     Instance    instances/krcore-sp-observation-value-string.fsh
krcore-sp-organization-address                         Instance    instances/krcore-sp-organization-address.fsh
krcore-sp-organization-identifier                      Instance    instances/krcore-sp-organization-identifier.fsh
krcore-sp-organization-name                            Instance    instances/krcore-sp-organization-name.fsh
krcore-sp-organization-telecom                         Instance    instances/krcore-sp-organization-telecom.fsh
krcore-sp-organization-type                            Instance    instances/krcore-sp-organization-type.fsh
krcore-sp-patient-address                              Instance    instances/krcore-sp-patient-address.fsh
krcore-sp-patient-birthdate                            Instance    instances/krcore-sp-patient-birthdate.fsh
krcore-sp-patient-gender                               Instance    instances/krcore-sp-patient-gender.fsh
krcore-sp-patient-id                                   Instance    instances/krcore-sp-patient-id.fsh
krcore-sp-patient-identifier                           Instance    instances/krcore-sp-patient-identifier.fsh
krcore-sp-patient-name                                 Instance    instances/krcore-sp-patient-name.fsh
krcore-sp-patient-telecom                              Instance    instances/krcore-sp-patient-telecom.fsh
krcore-sp-practitioner-code                            Instance    instances/krcore-sp-practitioner-code.fsh
krcore-sp-practitioner-id                              Instance    instances/krcore-sp-practitioner-id.fsh
krcore-sp-practitioner-identifier                      Instance    instances/krcore-sp-practitioner-identifier.fsh
krcore-sp-practitioner-name                            Instance    instances/krcore-sp-practitioner-name.fsh
krcore-sp-practitionerrole-organization                Instance    instances/krcore-sp-practitionerrole-organization.fsh
krcore-sp-practitionerrole-practitioner                Instance    instances/krcore-sp-practitionerrole-practitioner.fsh
krcore-sp-practitionerrole-role                        Instance    instances/krcore-sp-practitionerrole-role.fsh
krcore-sp-practitionerrole-specialty                   Instance    instances/krcore-sp-practitionerrole-specialty.fsh
krcore-sp-procedure-code                               Instance    instances/krcore-sp-procedure-code.fsh
krcore-sp-procedure-date                               Instance    instances/krcore-sp-procedure-date.fsh
krcore-sp-procedure-patient                            Instance    instances/krcore-sp-procedure-patient.fsh
krcore-sp-procedure-status                             Instance    instances/krcore-sp-procedure-status.fsh
ns-hira-edi-material                                   Instance    instances/ns-hira-edi-material.fsh
ns-hira-edi-medication                                 Instance    instances/ns-hira-edi-medication.fsh
ns-hira-edi-procedure                                  Instance    instances/ns-hira-edi-procedure.fsh
ns-hira-healthcare-organization-identifier             Instance    instances/ns-hira-healthcare-organization-identifier.fsh
ns-hira-healthcare-organization-types                  Instance    instances/ns-hira-healthcare-organization-types.fsh
ns-hira-insurance-types                                Instance    instances/ns-hira-insurance-types.fsh
ns-hira-medical-department                             Instance    instances/ns-hira-medical-department.fsh
ns-kdca-vcnt-types                                     Instance    instances/ns-kdca-vcnt-types.fsh
ns-kpis-kdcode                                         Instance    instances/ns-kpis-kdcode.fsh
ns-mohw-md-license-id                                  Instance    instances/ns-mohw-md-license-id.fsh
ns-mohw-practitioner-qualification-types               Instance    instances/ns-mohw-practitioner-qualification-types.fsh